---
title: 'It's been a while, but I have some good news!'
date: 2022-12-13
permalink: /posts/2022/12/blog-post-3/
tags:
  - progress
  - research
categories:
  - Work and Education
---


Our research group submitted a paper to the arXiv!
======
So... I'm not sure 100% what to write in these blog posts, but I thought it would be a good idea for me to have some kind of outlet for my thoughts, plans, and even frustrations.

I passed my Written Preliminary Exam in the CSC Department at NCSU in February. Since then, I have been making some progress on my proposed project. A lot of the progress has mostly been to figure out exactly *how* the re-baselining of pulse schedules in cycle benchmarking and KNR (K-body noise reconstruction, or cycle error reconstruction) is going to happen. At this point, it is almost a matter of "putting it all together" in order to get things moving.

I have also been working closely with our research group in collaboration with Dr. Yannick Meurice's group at the University of Iowa and with Arnaud Carignan-Dugas from Keysight Technologies (Quantum Benchmark) on a project investigating the quantum noise and error properties associated with real-time calculations of phase shifts on near-term superconducting quantum computing platforms. This particular project has been very exciting; having access to software such as the TrueQ quantum benchmarking software suite has allowed for the opportunity to really learn more about the many error mechanisms affecting quantum computations. 