---
title: 'My First Blog Post'
date: 2022-12-13
permalink: /posts/2022/05/blog-post-2/
tags:
  - progress
  - research
categories:
  - Work and Education
---


Our research group submitted a paper to the arXiv!
======
I am proud to announce that my research group has just submitted a paper to arXiv.org about applying error mitigation protocols to real-time scattering calculations performed on cloud-accessible quantum computing hardware.

In our paper, we discuss using an error mitigation strategy known as Noisy Output eXtrapolation (NOX) to improve the accuracy of physics simulations performed on a Noisy Intermediate Scale Quantum (NISQ) quantum computer. By supplementing the application circuits with NOX, we reduced errors that accumulated throughout the circuits and improved our calculations' accuracy.

We tested our error mitigation protocols on a Transverse Field Ising model and demonstrated improvements in the phase shift calculation. Our team ran the proof-of-concept, error-mitigated 4-qubit application circuits on several IBM quantum computing hardware architectures. We observed error reduction ranging from 21% to 74% for circuit depths ranging from 14 to 37 hard cycles.

In addition, we provided a heuristic method for obtaining systematic error bars on the mitigated results and discussed the effects of these errors on phase shift estimates. Our results confirm that the NOX technique can be applied to a broad range of circuits and provides performance improvements even when executing circuits in substantially time-separated batches.